The Rocket Scientists - Mar Sara Campaign, Episode 1: Rise of Power
Created by: Da Reaper (Bat Lord)

Contact

Thank you for downloading the Mar Sara Campaign, Episode 1.
Please e-mail StarCraftMarine_RS@yahoo.com to register your download.
It will be added to the number of downloads for the demo on the 
Rocket Scientists' web site 
(http://www.geocities.com/Area51/Nebula/7666/RS).

Contact Da Reaper...
by e-mail at: krypt99@hotmail.com
by ICQ at: 33887726
on Battle.net as: Da_Reaper(RS)

Installation

To play the campaign, place all the .scm and .scx files from 
marsaraep1.zip in your StarCraft maps directory, usually 
C:\Program Files\Starcraft\maps (your path may differ).  We 
recommend you create a new folder within the maps folder 
to put this map in (i.e. Starcraft\maps\MarSara).  After the file is
put within the maps directory, the map can be accessed through the 
Single Player 'Play Custom' interfaces within StarCraft.  All files 
MUST be in the same folder, or the campaign will not work properly.
Start with "MarSara1.scm"

This campaign can be played only with Brood War.

Story Line

This campaign takes place just after the Zerg have invaded Chau Sara.
After that the entire plot has been altered.  Arcturus Mengsh is a
general of Omega Squadron.  Jim Raynor is head of Alpah Squadron, etc.
You are the command of a small force within Omega Squadron, stationed 
on Mar Sara.  When Alpha Squadron is sent to Aiur to investigate the 
Protoss and see if there could be an alliance to fight the Zerg, 
contact was lost.  That's where your force comes in...

Special Thanks

Thanks to Vipe for the Ion Cannon special effects, and E.S. Clark for
inspiration for the fourth mission.

To Come

Episode II will be mostly a Zerg Campaign.  Find out what happens
to our heros when it is released.  Check the Mar Sara Campaign 
page for updates:
http://www.geocities.com/Area51/Nebula/7666/RS/marsaracamp.html

Terms of Use

This map is distributed for free on an "as is" basis, and is not 
approved by or associated with Blizzard Entertainment.  The Rocket 
Scientists are not responsible if this map crashes your computer,
StarCraft, or any other program; or deletes or corrupts data on 
your or another computer.  This map may contain bugs.  If a bug 
is found, please report it to:
StarCraftMarine_RS@yahoo.com


Please do not separate this readme file from a zipped copy of the map.
You may distribute this map, only for free, on Battle.net or through
another server.  Please do not edit this campaign.

©1999 Da Reaper, The Rocket Scientists