The Rocket Scientists - Mar Sara Campaign, Episode II: Dark Swarm
Created by: Da Reaper (Bat Lord)

Contact

Thank you for downloading Episode II of the Mar Sara Campaign.
Please e-mail StarCraftMarine_RS@yahoo.com to register your download.
It will be added to the number of downloads on the
Rocket Scientists' website
(http://talk.to/RS/)

Contact Da Reaper...
by email at: krypt99@hotmail.com
by ICQ at: 33887726
on Battle.net as: Da_Reaper(RS)

Installation

To play the campaign, place all the .scm and .scx files from the
MSEp2.zip in your Starcraft maps directory, usually
C:\Program Files\Starcraft\maps (your path may differ).  We
recommend you create a new folder within the maps folder to put this
map in (i.e. Starcraft\maps\MarSara).  After the file is put
within the maps directory, the map can be accessed through the
Single Player 'Play Custom' interfaces within StarCraft.  All files
MUST be in the same folder, or the campaign will not work properly.
Start with "DS1.scx"

This campaign can be played only with Brood War.

Story Line

This takes place after Episode 1.  The Zerg are all but defeated due
to the UED's success with the Psi Emitters.  Tassadar and the others
have united Aiur.  Now on Char, the Overmind summons its minnions,
for it was finally time.

Special Thanks

Camelot Systems for one of the best programs: StarDraft.
http://camelot.warzone.com
And to Campaign Creations, for the color text, it makes it look lively.

To Come

Episode III: Blood Legacy will be mostly a Protoss Campaign.  Find out
the conclusion to this saga or see what happened before at:
http://talk.to/RS/

Terms of Use

This map is distributed for free on an "as is" basis, and is not
approved by or associated with Blizzard Entertainment.  The Rocket
Scientists are not responsible if this campaign crashes your computer,
StarCraft, or any other program; or deletes or corrupts data on your
or another computer.  This map may contain bugs.  If a bug is found,
please report it to:
krypt99@hotmail.com


Please do not separate this readme file from a zipped copy of this
campaign.  You may disribute this campaign, only for free, on
Battle.net or through another server.  Please DO NOT edit this campaign.

©1999 Da Reaper, The Rocket Scientists