(Please maximize this window)
(Go to Edit and select Word Wrap)

LEGEND OF THE PHOENIX CAMPAIGN
EPISODE I: RISE OF THE PHOENIX

I: Story
--------
A couple years have passed since the events of Brood War.  The Protoss continue to strive to rebuild their lost civilization.  Arcturus Mengsk and the Terran Dominion have been broken and lay in ruins.  Mengsk continues to try and rebuild his greatness.  Kerrigan and her broods rank supreme.  She is still cautious of what may happen in the future, and has begun to take steps to prepare herself. 

The Protoss locate a stone tablet deep beneath the Xel'Naga Temple.  What is described is a ritual using the Uraj Crystal, the Khalis Crystal, and the Xel'Naga Temple that could bring a warrior back from the dead.  Their first candidate is Tassadar.  Little do they know, Kerrigan has kept a close watch on them, and she now has a plan that could put her on the throne as ruler of the universe.

II: Contents and Requirements
----------------------------
Contents of "LotP.zip"
- Phoenix.exe
- LPData.mpq
- LotPReadme.txt

Requirements: StarCraft: Brood War 1.04+

III: Instillation & Play
-----------------------
1. Extract "Phoenix.exe" and "LPData.mpq" into the StarCraft folder.  (Default is C:\Program Files\Starcraft\).

2. Run "Phoenix.exe".  A new title screen should appear.  If it is the same as usual then check and make sure you have both "Phoenix.exe" and "LPData.mpq" in your StarCraft Folder.

3. Select Single Player, Expansion, and then you Character.  Click on Artanis (the Protoss standing above the words that say "Protoss").  If you are using a character that has not played the Expansion campaigns yet then Legend of the Phoenix Campaign should begin.  If you have played the campaigns, then a menu should come up listing the missions.  Select "Intro: Departure" to begin.

IV: Contact
------------
I, Da Reaper, thank you for downloading my campaign.  All feedback, good or bad, will be greatly appreciated.  If you need to ask questions, send hate mail, or whatever you need, email or ICQ me.

Contact Info:
By email: krypt99@hotmail.com
By ICQ: 33887726
Battle.net handle: Da_Reaper(RS)
http://trs.net-games.com

V: Bugs
--------
1. The Uraj appears to be a Scourge and the Khalis is an Ashworld doodad.  In Arsenal II there are no given sprite files for the Uraj/Khalis crystals.  I used Arsenal III to try and fix this but no luck.  This should not affect gameplay.

2. You cannot play custom maps while running "Phoenix.exe".  Because of MPQ compiling methods the mpq contains "staredit\scenario.chk" so any map you try to play will be the map I used to create the MPQ.  I know there are programs out that can fix this, but I am too lazy.  There is no reason to play custom maps anyway.

3. Mission Briefing screens may vary from Protoss to Terran to Zerg even though you are not of that species.  This is simply due to the missions being in the species mission slots.  Who really cares anyway?

If you locate a bug in a map or anywhere else with this campaign, please contact me by any means listed above.

VI: Special Thanks
-----------------
Thanks to Camelot Systems for the greatest SC Editors tool: Stardraft.
Thanks to The Z for creating certain graphics I needed.
Thanks to TRS staff for supporting me and helping me with this campaign.
Thank you for downloading this campaign.

VII: To Come
-----------
This was only the first installment of a three episode campaign.  Check the TRS site for updates and for the next installment... Episode 2: Descent Into Darkness.

VIII: Terms of Use
-----------------
This campaign is distributed for free on an "as is" basis, and is not approved by or associated with Blizzard Entertainment.  The Rocket Scientists are not responsible if this campaign crashes your computer, StarCraft, or any other program; deletes or corrupts data on your or another computer.

Please do not seperate this readme from a zipped copy of this campaign.  You may disribute this campaign, only for free, on Battle.net or through another server.  Please do NOT edit this campaign.

©2000 Da Reaper, The Rocket Scientists

(Not all custom graphics in this campaign belong to me, or The Rocket Scientists.  Those graphics belong to their respective owners).